README.md, before:

# KML-TOWN v.0.5.0 2022-12-17 ALPHA

Hello there,</br>
I've created software named **KML-TOWN**.</br>
A simple and useful **Google Earth** *'.kml'* editor program.</br>
I started developing it from *2022 November 14th (version 0.1.0)*.</br>

**WHAT THINGS YOU CAN DO WITH THIS ARE:**</br>
-- **scan** and **convert** into *'.kml'* from *'.txt'* exported **WhatsApp** chat of share locations with their date</br>
-- **manipulate** *'.kml'* such as:</br>
------ *collapse* paths into pins</br>
------ *unite* pins into path</br>
------ *merge* paths into one path</br>
------ *slice* paths into path fractions</br>
------ *split* points of paths</br>
------ *crop* pins and paths</br>
------ *sort* pins and paths inside selected rectangular area (you can number them as well)</br>
------ *change* pins icon and paths color with a bunch of predefined styles (you can select desired area)</br>
------ *filter* types of data:</br>
---------- classify pins</br>
---------- classify paths</br>
---------- classify similar name or descriptions</br>
---------- classify similar pin styles or path colors</br>
-- **convert** *'.kml'* into *'.csv'* with folders as *columns* and data as *rows* (you can specify the separator)

**HOW TO INSTALL:**</br>
-- compile the source code, by run *'./compile.[sh, bat]'* in CLI</br>
---- (or instead download the pre-compiled *'kml-town'* program in *'bin'* folder)</br>
-- then add compiled program folder (the folder where *'kml-town'* program located)</br>
---- to 'path' in your 'Environment Variable'</br>
---- (if you don't want to do so, you have to always *'cd'* into the program folder every time you using it)</br>
-- and finally run *'kml-town'* in your CLI</br>
---- (type *'kml-town --help'* to start)</br>

I use this software in my previous job, as a coordinate data entry using **Google Earth**.</br>
This really help me. And I hope this can help you too. Thank you.</br>

**Boston Sinaga**

Commit message:

add placemark twins check tool (but only available for pins yet)

README.md, after:

# KML-TOWN v.0.6.0 2022-12-20 ALPHA

Hello there,</br>
I've created software named **KML-TOWN**.</br>
A simple and useful **Google Earth** *'.kml'* editor program.</br>
I started developing it from *2022 November 14th (version 0.1.0)*.</br>

**WHAT THINGS YOU CAN DO WITH THIS ARE:**</br>
-- **scan** and **convert** into *'.kml'* from *'.txt'* exported **WhatsApp** chat of share locations with their date</br>
-- **manipulate** *'.kml'* such as:</br>
------ *collapse* paths into pins</br>
------ *unite* pins into path</br>
------ *merge* paths into one path</br>
------ *slice* paths into path fractions</br>
------ *split* points of paths</br>
------ *crop* pins and paths</br>
------ *sort* pins and paths inside selected rectangular area (you can number them as well)</br>
------ *change* pins icon and paths color with a bunch of predefined styles (you can select desired area)</br>
------ *check* twin of pins and paths (you can perform some after process commands)</br>
------ *filter* types of data:</br>
---------- classify pins</br>
---------- classify paths</br>
---------- classify similar name or descriptions</br>
---------- classify similar pin styles or path colors</br>
-- **convert** *'.kml'* into *'.csv'* with folders as *columns* and data as *rows* (you can specify the separator)

**HOW TO INSTALL:**</br>
-- compile the source code, by run *'./compile.[sh, bat]'* in CLI</br>
---- (or instead download the pre-compiled *'kml-town'* program in *'bin'* folder)</br>
-- then add compiled program folder (the folder where *'kml-town'* program located)</br>
---- to 'path' in your 'Environment Variable'</br>
---- (if you don't want to do so, you have to always *'cd'* into the program folder every time you using it)</br>
-- and finally run *'kml-town'* in your CLI</br>
---- (type *'kml-town --help'* to start)</br>

I use this software in my previous job, as a coordinate data entry using **Google Earth**.</br>
This really help me. And I hope this can help you too. Thank you.</br>

**Boston Sinaga**
